README.md, before:

![](http://dev.lutece.paris.fr/jenkins/buildStatus/icon?job=gru-plugin-gru-deploy)
# Plugin gru

## Introduction

This plugin enables to see all the demands of a customer in the same view and to manage them.

## Encryption of customers

The plugin can use customers with encrypted ids. This mechanism permits to have a specific id for each service provider. Thus, the id is not shared.

To use encryption, the site has to contain a class implementing the interface `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.service.encryption.ICustomerEncryptionService` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` . For example, add the plugin `gru-plugin-grukeydiversification` in the `pom.xml` of the site. The encryption is then enabled.

## Configuration

 **The Customer DAO** 

By default, the plugin uses a mock to search the customers. The search always returns a message saying that no customer is found. To use a correct search mechanism, the bean `gru.customerService` defined in the Spring context must use a concrete implementation of `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.business.customer.ICustomerDAO` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` .

The known implementations are the following:
 
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.gruindexing.business.lucene.LuceneCustomerDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-gru-indexing` . The customers are retrieved from a Lucene index.
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.gruindexing.business.elasticsearch.ElasticSearchCustomerDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-gru-indexing` . The customers are retrieved from a ElasticSearch server.


 **The Demand DAO** 

By default, the plugin uses a mock to retrieve the demands. The customers have no demand. To use a correct retrieval mechanism, the bean `gru.demandService` defined in the Spring context must use a concrete implementation of `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.business.demand.IDemandDAO` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` .

The known implementations are the following:
 
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grustoragedb.business.DemandDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-grustoragedb` . The demands are retrieved from the database.


 **The Notification DAO** 

By default, the plugin uses a mock to retrieve the notifications. The customers have no notification. To use a correct retrieval mechanism, the bean `gru.demandService` defined in the Spring context must use a concrete implementation of `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.business.notification.INotificationDAO` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` .

The known implementations are the following:
 
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grustoragedb.business.NotificationDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-grustoragedb` . The notifications are retrieved from the database.


## Usage




[Maven documentation and reports](http://dev.lutece.paris.fr/plugins/plugin-gru/)



 *generated by [xdoc2md](https://github.com/lutece-platform/tools-maven-xdoc2md-plugin) - do not edit directly.*

Commit message:

GRU-73 : add filters to limit the access of the logged in user to customers

README.md, after:

![](http://dev.lutece.paris.fr/jenkins/buildStatus/icon?job=gru-plugin-gru-deploy)
# Plugin gru

## Introduction

This plugin enables to see all the demands of a customer in the same view and to manage them.

## Encryption of customers

The plugin can use customers with encrypted ids. This mechanism permits to have a specific id for each service provider. Thus, the id is not shared.

To use encryption, the site has to contain a class implementing the interface `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.service.encryption.ICustomerEncryptionService` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` . For example, add the plugin `gru-plugin-grukeydiversification` in the `pom.xml` of the site. The encryption is then enabled.

## Authorization on customers

To prevent the logged in user to access some customers, implements the interface `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.gru.service.customer.ICustomerAuthorizationFilter` and declare the implementation as a bean in the Spring context.

## Configuration

 **The Customer DAO** 

By default, the plugin uses a mock to search the customers. The search always returns a message saying that no customer is found. To use a correct search mechanism, the bean `gru.customerService` defined in the Spring context must use a concrete implementation of `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.business.customer.ICustomerDAO` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` .

The known implementations are the following:
 
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.gruindexing.business.lucene.LuceneCustomerDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-gru-indexing` . The customers are retrieved from a Lucene index.
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.gruindexing.business.elasticsearch.ElasticSearchCustomerDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-gru-indexing` . The customers are retrieved from a ElasticSearch server.


 **The Demand DAO** 

By default, the plugin uses a mock to retrieve the demands. The customers have no demand. To use a correct retrieval mechanism, the bean `gru.demandService` defined in the Spring context must use a concrete implementation of `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.business.demand.IDemandDAO` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` .

The known implementations are the following:
 
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grustoragedb.business.DemandDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-grustoragedb` . The demands are retrieved from the database.


 **The Notification DAO** 

By default, the plugin uses a mock to retrieve the notifications. The customers have no notification. To use a correct retrieval mechanism, the bean `gru.demandService` defined in the Spring context must use a concrete implementation of `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grubusiness.business.notification.INotificationDAO` from the library `gru-library-grubusiness` .

The known implementations are the following:
 
*  `fr.paris.lutece.plugins.grustoragedb.business.NotificationDAO` from the plugin `gru-plugin-grustoragedb` . The notifications are retrieved from the database.


## Usage




[Maven documentation and reports](http://dev.lutece.paris.fr/plugins/plugin-gru/)



 *generated by [xdoc2md](https://github.com/lutece-platform/tools-maven-xdoc2md-plugin) - do not edit directly.*
